Video controller M6847.

1 Kb RAM at the address 0000-03ff, visible also at the addresses
0400-1fff.  This is the memory accessible by the video controller.

2 Kb ROM, at the address 4000-47ff. It is also accessed at the
addresses 4800-5fff and e000-ffff.

4 Kb ROM at the address 6800-77ff and 8Kb ROM at 8000-9fff, that would
correspond to a removable cartridge.

8 Kb RAM at the address a000-bfff, with an optional expansion of 8K (until dfff).

2 floppy drives with 68 Kb each.


Of the CPU only the documented instructions are emulated, although it
would be easy to add the undocumented ones, that according to my
knowledge are duplicates of the other, with the only exception of
STA,immediate, that has a very doubtful utility.  Neither are emulated
the instructions 3E (WAI) and 3F (SWI), that with the current ROM are
not useful.

Of the 6847 controller are emulated the modes that the APF can use, i.e.
the text mode, the 256x192 graphic mode, that as a matter of fact
works like a text mode with programmable characters, and th 128x192 color
graphic mode.

The diskettes are substituted by images of the same in files of 68 Kb,
selectables, with the extension .APD.  The operation of the controller
has been deduced from the BASIC ROM. The function FORMAT is not
emulated. It is simply ignored.

The cassette is represented by a selectable file of variable length.
Two formats are available:
Files with extension .APT.  They allow only recording the way that BASIC 
does:  a 500 microsecond cycle in order to represent a 0 and an 1 ms one 
for a 1. The image of the tape is the juxtaposition of the recorded bits.
Files with extension .APW. They allow recording in special formats and 
recording audio. They are audio files sampled at 11025 Hz 8 bits unsigned 
mono, without header. The bit 1 stores the state of the recording head.
These files are a deal bigger than the .APT ones.

The serial interface is emulated with two files, in one of them is stored
the output and from the other is read the input. The input file can be used
to load a program from a ASCII file (with PRINT=2). In this case, it is 
advisable begin the file with one or several blank lines and end it with a line
containing the command PRINT=0, to switch to keyboard input.


The keyboard and the two joysticks, as well as the cassette keys are
made correspond to keys of a standard AT keyboard. The correspondence
depends on the keyboard language specified in the control panel. With a
Spanish Traditional or English USA layouts, the correspondence should be as
shown in the file TECLADO. With other configurations, the equivalence of the
keys can differ largely. This effect can be corrected with a file named 
APF_EMU.KYS in which can be specified the new equivalences. In each line they
must be two numbers. The first correspond to the value produced by Windows
when the key is pressed (it can be seen between the two N's in the keyboard
image) and the second the value of the correspondent key in the APF. The best 
course is to export the current values with the option "Exportar teclas" in 
the submenu "Utilidades" in the right button menu and then to edit the required 
values in the first column.
In any case, the Caps Lock option must be "on".
Some keys have special function and cannot be redefined.
F12 activates the buttons in the window.
F11 stands for the "Audio Record" key in the cassette.
grey / stands for "Rewind" in the cassette.
grey * stands for "Play" in the cassette.
grey - stands for "Fast Forward" in the cassette.

